fix(documentation): getting started (#1007)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/README.md

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10883919/189522882-968358df-ee7c-4256-b61b-550cf369a087.png)

## Installation
To integrate Vivid components into your project, run:

```bash

> npm install @vonage/vivid # or yarn add @vonage/vivid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install @vonage/vivid
```

## Installation

> ### CDN - Quickstart

Reviewer: this is, really, a side note as it introduces nothing new in terms of Vivid. it can be practiced with any library. in the diagram it is extracted to "advanced" and is optional. but even there I'd say it's redundant

Author: I followed the pattern in shoelace and other libraries. 
maybe we should put it at the end as it was.

Reviewer: I don't see a reason to add documentation on industry best (or opinionated) practices

Such practice is often used when working on POCs or reproduction environments.
Tools like [UNPKG](https://unpkg.com), [jsDeliver](https://www.jsdelivr.com), [Skypack](https://www.skypack.dev) etc' are bound to deliver any content registered in the npm registry.

The following snippet fully renders a Vivid button component

```html
<!-- import Montserrat & Roboto-Mono fonts -->
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com"><link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com" crossorigin>
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Montserrat:wght@400;500;600&family=Roboto+Mono:wght@400;500&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">

<!-- import light theme style tokens -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://unpkg.com/@vonage/vivid@3.x/styles/tokens/theme-light.css">

<!-- import Vivid button component -->
<script type="module" src="https://unpkg.com/@vonage/vivid@3.x/button/index.js"></script>

<!-- Part of the app (or a whole app) that contains vivid components -->
<div class="vvd-root">
  <vwc-button label="Click me" appearance="filled" connotation="cta"></vwc-button>
</div>
```

> ### Local Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installation
```

<vwc-button label="Click me"></vwc-button>
```

For a full list of components and API, explore the [components docs](https://vivid.deno.dev) 📚.

## Prerequisite

> ### Tokens

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should defer the explanation to after the "quick start" instructions?
I mean - most people don't really care about reading a book - they just want to know what they need to import.

Author: The quick start was here... @yinonov asked to move it further down.

Reviewer 2: I know how important explanations are but to 95% of devs it doesn't matter. 
@yinonov?

Author: not sure I understand what to put where :)

The Vivid components library rely on a set of **design tokens** (in the form of css custom properties).

Tokens should not affect the look of the application rather just provide a common set of identities (such as colors, typography, spacing etc') to be used by the components to look as intended.

As the task of loading css is not trivial, and may vary from project to project, this library does not provide any way to load the css. It is up to the author to load the css in the most appropriate manner for their project.

> #### include the tokens

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Include the tokens
```

Only one theme is required to be loaded.

**Option 1: css**
```css
@import "node_modules/@vonage/vivid/styles/tokens/theme-light.css";
```

**Option 2: scss**
```css
@forward 'node_modules/@vonage/vivid/styles/tokens/theme-light.css";
``` 

**Option 3: HTML (inside the &lt;head> tag)**
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="node_modules/@vonage/vivid/styles/tokens/theme-light.css" media="all">

> ```

Reviewer: I still think this is wrong. the previous section explicitly state

> As the task of loading css is not trivial, and may vary from project to project, this library does not provide any way to load the css. It is up to the author to load the css in the most appropriate manner for their project.

sharing opinions can only backfire if authors follow one of the suggestions and fail

Author: then I'll revert to what was before

### Setting Vivid class

> Require a `vvd-root` class selector to be present on a wrapping element (advisably the `:root`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `vivid` styles require a `vvd-root` class selector to be present on a wrapping element (advisably the `:root`).
```
In addition, what does `:root` mean?

Reviewer: The :root [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [pseudo-class](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes) matches the root element of a tree representing the document. In HTML, :root represents the [<html>](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/html) element and is identical to the selector html, except that its [specificity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Specificity) is higher.

Reviewer: @rachelbt if you think we should link to root's explanation then use the following
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:root

> The `vivid` styles require a `vvd-root` class selector to be present on a wrapping element (advisably the `:root`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vivid tokens require a `vvd-root` class selector to be present on a wrapping element (advisably the `:root`) for it to apply its css custom properties to.
```

Such practice is often used when working on POCs or reproduction environments.
Tools like [UNPKG](https://unpkg.com), [jsDeliver](https://www.jsdelivr.com), [Skypack](https://www.skypack.dev) etc' are bound to deliver any content registered in the npm registry.

The following snippet fully renders a Vivid button component

```html
<!-- import Montserrat & Roboto-Mono fonts -->
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com"><link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com" crossorigin>
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Montserrat:wght@400;500;600&family=Roboto+Mono:wght@400;500&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">

<!-- import light theme style tokens -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://unpkg.com/@vonage/vivid@3.x/styles/tokens/theme-light.css">

<!-- import Vivid button component -->
<script type="module" src="https://unpkg.com/@vonage/vivid@3.x/button/index.js"></script>

<!-- Part of the app (or a whole app) that contains vivid components -->
<div class="vvd-root">
  <vwc-button label="Click me" appearance="filled" connotation="cta"></vwc-button>
</div>
```

> ## Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Support Matrix

This library is supported on 2 recent versions of major browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge).

## Support
```

Only one theme is required to be loaded.

**Option 1: css**
```css
@import "node_modules/@vonage/vivid/styles/tokens/theme-light.css";
```

**Option 2: scss**
```css
@forward 'node_modules/@vonage/vivid/styles/tokens/theme-light.css";
``` 

**Option 3: HTML (inside the &lt;head> tag)**
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="node_modules/@vonage/vivid/styles/tokens/theme-light.css" media="all">
```

### Setting Vivid class
The Vivid tokens require a `vvd-root` class selector to be present on a wrapping element (advisably the `:root`) for it to apply its css custom properties to.

```html
<html class="vvd-root">...</html>
```

You can also add it to any wrapping element if you would like to scope the styles to only a certain part of your application.

### Fonts (Prerequisite)

> Vivid uses `Montserrat` and `Roboto Mono` Google fonts.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vivid uses `Montserrat` and `Roboto Mono` Google fonts.
```

Learn how to load fonts into your application [with google-fonts](https://fonts.google.com/knowledge/using_type/using_web_fonts_from_a_font_delivery_service#loading-web-fonts)

#### Vonage authors:

> Unless explicitly stated otherwise, *Vonage products* should use the brand specified `Spezia` font families.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, *Vonage* products should use the brand specified font families by `Spezia`.  
```

> For a full list of components and API, explore the [components docs](https://vivid.deno.dev/components/accordion/) 📚.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full list of components and API, explore the [components docs](https://vivid.deno.dev) 📚.
```

Only one theme is required to be loaded.

**Option 1: css**
```css
@import "node_modules/@vonage/vivid/styles/tokens/theme-light.css";
```

**Option 2: scss**
```css
@forward 'node_modules/@vonage/vivid/styles/tokens/theme-light.css";
``` 

**Option 3: HTML (inside the &lt;head> tag)**
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="node_modules/@vonage/vivid/styles/tokens/theme-light.css" media="all">
```

#### Setting Vivid class
Require a `vvd-root` class selector to be present on a wrapping element (advisably the `:root`).

```html
<html class="vvd-root">...</html>
```

You can also add it to any wrapping element if you would like to scope the styles to only a certain part of your application.

### Fonts (Prerequisite)

Vivid uses `Montserrat` and `Roboto Mono` Google fonts.  
Learn how to load fonts into your application [with google-fonts](https://fonts.google.com/knowledge/using_type/using_web_fonts_from_a_font_delivery_service#loading-web-fonts)

> #### Vonage users:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Vonage authors:
```

> #### Vonage users:

Reviewer: this section should be extracted to the vonage authors page. simply reference vonage authors to it from here

Author: not sure I understand. This is what I did.
Under the headline comes this line:

> For further information check our [docs : Advanced Usage](https://vivid-s12dtrwn7950.deno.dev/link)

Unless explicitly stated otherwise, *Vonage products* should use the brand specified `Spezia` font families.  
Vonage teams may review guidelines at the [Spezia webfont kit](https://github.com/Vonage/spezia-webfont-kit).  
For more information check out [getting started](add/link) 

## Advanced Usage

> - Scoped Elements
> - Core styles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Advanced Usage
> - Scoped Elements
> - Core styles
> 
> For further information check our [docs : Advanced Usage](link)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information on **core application styles** & **scoped elements** check out [advanced usage](link)
```
